Wei Ge, can you grow dim sum?
Leave the Hall Master of the Shrine Medical Hall of the Shrine of War, you are not invited.
What the hell did you invite?
Are you trying to get your grandfather killed?
What nonsense do you say you will die in three days?
In front of the heir to this god of war
Dare to curse my master
He treated me like I didn't exist
Believe it or not, I'll kill you right now
Do you know what you are talking about, Uncle Zheng?
Although you are my grandfather's disciple
Inheritance of the Temple of War
But Mr. Shen was the god of the temple before his grandfather passed out
Grandpa took it, only he can save it
Hum joke girl
Your grandfather is confused
You are confused too
But what's the matter, the girl doesn't trust me
Don't forget that I'm the current No. 1 doctor in the lower middle class
God of War is just a poison invasion
I only need to use Qihuang's technique to massage more than three times
Detoxify and wake up
Look at the pill in your hand again
Poisonous at first glance
If you let your grandpa eat this
Do you think your grandpa will be okay?
Middle and lower medical skills have fallen to this point
I can't even recognize this pill
Can be called a miracle doctor
When presumptuous old medicine became famous all over the world
You don't know where it is yet
What a shit pill
Besides, are you still ready to cultivate immortals and ascend?
Have you seen too many cool lines?
A kid with no hair
Half a catty of face four taels
Even you dare to question me
But Mr. Shen did save my grandfather before
Humph girl
Then why is your grandfather lying here?
If he can cure your grandfather
I knelt down and apologized to him